Don't be angry scum
It's mom's fault
Mom shouldn't have said that
But his super human rights were really not taught by his mother
You have to trust your mother.
Okay, mom, about my illness
Must not let anyone know
Otherwise it can become a fighting competition
I won't have a chance
But
I will definitely listen to the doctor when you are sick.
Treat well
It must not delay the game.
Mom, I really don't want to pass up this opportunity.
I beg you
Mom promises you promise you
There is also the International Pavilion
Plus that Li Wenli
Make sure they don't tell.
How is scum?
He is awake
I'm sorry, teacher.
I don't know scum's condition
Can you still be hospitalized?
It's not your fault
But you must not take the scumbag's illness
Say it
I know, don't worry.
Hey, Wenli
Where did you learn Superman boxing?
I don't know.
I just know that punch was my last chance
I had no other choice.
I will give you everything
You mean you stole without a teacher?
He punched Superman.
Is this child like me?
I realized superhuman rights.
Why did you ask that?
Did you really not learn to fight?
I live with my mother
Never been in combat before black boxing
What about your mother?
Can he fight?
Neither will he
He's just a very, very ordinary person
He had epilepsy, just like Canon.
What? Your mother has epilepsy?